- Server Description

Veteran's Lounge is a semi-serious roleplay server, and we like to see jobs played with a bit of roleplay. Please note that this is "semi" serious, therefore it doesn't have to be like HL2 RP. 

Players are encouraged to set RPnames using /rpname and also encouraged to purchase a home or a building and decorate. 

This server honors what classic DarkRP servers used to be like prior to slot machine/bullet hell/VIP class cancer that took hold like TitsRP, garnetgaming, or other mega servers that house 100s of players at once. We aim to capture what 2009-2011 garry's mod darkrp was like. We offer a discord as a community hub for our members. We also run a TTT server that has the same culture as this server - relaxed, classic, garry's mod.

Enjoy your stay, and feel free to make suggestions to our staff.


- General Rules
1. Do not RDM (randomly kill)
2. Do not break NLR (new life rule)
3. Do not spam anything (props, mic, entities, toolgun)
4. Do not job abuse (self supplying gun dealer, etc)
5. Do not use client side exploits
6. Do not prop block/surf/kill
7. Do not meta game
8. Hits can only be carried out on the same player once every 5 minutes
9. Don't door spam/hold doors closed by spamming USE
10. No furries

- Government Class Rules

1. Police cannot raid someone based on suspicion alone. (hearing printers through walls)
2. Police cannot free people from jail for no reason unless they're the arresting officer
3. Police cannot randomly stun players
4. Police can unweld and unfreeze props with their battering ram when a player is warranted, do not abuse this to completely demolish a base or building.
5. Do not rejail someone upon their release.
6. Do not conspire to kill the mayor or police chief (demote only)
7. You can build inside and directly outside the PD and can make checkpoints
8. You can own a home, but you cannot do illegal stuff.
9. Defending during a PD or City hall raid nullifies NLR, you may return until the raid has concluded.
10. SWAT ONLY: You cannot leave the general vicinity of city hall or the PD unless there's a raid or extreme violence (gang wars)

- Building Rules

1.No building a base out into the street
2. Building in the street is okay as long as it is roleplay related and not base related.
3. Hobos can build their home in the street.
4. No gigantic PHX prop wall fortresses (8x8, 6x6)
5. No trap bases
6. No crouch bases (sewer grates do not count, as they're part of the building)
7. No pixel peak bases (approx 25% of your body needs to show when peaking from cover.)
8. You can only have 1 fake keypad per fading door
9. Limit 2 fading doors per entrance/exit of your base (interior doors do not count towards this number increasing)
10. No one way props (material abuse)
11. Use the above rules to make decisions on what is allowed. Basically we want a realistically raidable base that gives both sides an equal chance, while also maintaining some realism.
12. Do not block sections of the map or entire buildings.
13. Do not block off sections of the sewer.
14. You can place a building sign while you build so long as there aren't raidable items in the base
15. Do not make props 100% transparent with the color tool. Windows need to have some sort of visibility that players can see it is a window.

- Raiding Rules

1. You cannot raid the same player within 10 minutes.
2. Don't grief someone's base
3. Raid needs to conclude within 5 minutes.
4. You cannot raid someone that you know has nothing (building sign outside)
5. No spawn killing during a raid.

- Job Specific Rules

Social worker:
1. You can kidnap hobos/sewer monsters and cage them. They have to be released after a few minutes
2. You cannot rdm them just because you can kidnap them.
3. It's legal

Cultists:
1. You cannot kidnap the same person within 10 minutes

Gangs:
1. You can war with other gangs, but both parties have to accept.
2. Gang leaders can accept private hits, but it must be in text chat and they have to take a payment of $350 minimum.
3. Gang leaders can have their gang members carry out the hits.
